On call app dev guide updates (#65)
18F/identity-handbook: _articles/appdev-oncall-guide.md

Rotations:

1. [Primary Oncall ("End-User Primary")](https://login-gov.app.opsgenie.com/settings/schedule/detail/142b8527-8ef6-4d9d-b81e-24b45d0499ba)

> 2. [Secondary Oncall ("End-User Secondary")](https://login-gov.app.opsgenie.com/settings/schedule/detail/1271f41d-aa0c-4a3e-86aa-23162ab5fc9d)

Reviewer: Looks like this isn't getting the numbered list for some reason?

Federalist preview: 
https://federalist-7d0b2b76-42fc-4df1-9825-8c3cd77e0a15.app.cloud.gov/preview/18f/identity-handbook/kdwork/articles/appdev-oncall-guide.html
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1430443/103310663-c2d0dc80-49dd-11eb-981b-ed690fd191b5.png)

Reviewer 2: I think that is the preview of the change on lines 37/38 - the leading `1.` was removed.

    * [synk-bot][snyk]
    * [dependabot][dependabot]

[snyk]: https://github.com/search?q=user%3A18F+user%3AGSA+is%3Aopen+archived%3Afalse+author%3Asnyk-bot&type=Issues
[dependabot]: https://github.com/search?o=asc&q=user%3A18F+user%3AGSA+author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot+is%3Aopen+archived%3Afalse&s=created&type=Issues

3. Inspector General (IG) Requests
   * Guide for responding to IG requests can be found [here](https://github.com/18F/identity-security-private/wiki/%5BWIP%5D-Responding-to-IG-Data-Requests)
   * Requests will be forwarded via email.
   * It is expected that the AppDev who receives the request will be the one to complete it, even if it extends beyond the on-call week.

## Response Times

SecOps Incident Response Guide located [here](https://handbook.login.gov/articles/secops-incident-response-guide.html)

Things to consider when assessing severity:
  * If PII is involved
  * The environment it is in and status of partner(s) impacted
  * Number of users impacted
  * Whether the issue is in a primary or secondary flow

> 1. High severity - involves an active (launched) partner in Production environment
>     a. High-sev incidents successfully compromise the confidentiality/integrity of Personally Identifiable Information (PII), impact the availability of services for a large number of customers, or have significant financial impact.
> 
>     -OR-
> 
>     An active (launched) login.gov partner is reporting that no user can authenticate or proof.
> 
>     b. Required to be addressed immediately and ongoing until resolved.
> 2. Medium severity
>     a. Med-sev incidents represent attempts (possibly un- or not-yet-successful) at breaching PII, or those with limited availability/financial impact.
>     -OR-
>     An active (Launched) login.gov partner is reporting that some users are not able to authenticate or proof in production.
>     -OR-
>     A partner is reporting that the sandbox/INT environment is down and no user can authenticate or proof.
> 
>     b. Will be addressed immediately during business hours
> 
>     c. Responders should attempt to consult stakeholders before causing downtime, but may proceed without them if they can’t be contacted in a reasonable time-frame.

Reviewer 3: A couple of suggestions:

- format the `-OR-` as `**OR**` so it gets bolded
- use numbered list for sublist (because markdown doesn't parse lettered lists as list items)
- add some more newlines and spaces so that things indent properly

```suggestion
1. High severity - involves an active (launched) partner in Production environment

    1. High-sev incidents successfully compromise the confidentiality/integrity of Personally Identifiable Information (PII), impact the availability of services for a large number of customers, or have significant financial impact.

        **OR**

        An active (launched) login.gov partner is reporting that no user can authenticate or proof.

    1. Required to be addressed immediately and ongoing until resolved.

2. Medium severity

    1. Med-sev incidents represent attempts (possibly un- or not-yet-successful) at breaching PII, or those with limited availability/financial impact.

        **OR**

        An active (Launched) login.gov partner is reporting that some users are not able to authenticate or proof in production.

        **OR**

        A partner is reporting that the sandbox/INT environment is down and no user can authenticate or proof.

    2. Will be addressed immediately during business hours

    3. Responders should attempt to consult stakeholders before causing downtime, but may proceed without them if they can’t be contacted in a reasonable time-frame.
```

3. Low Severity  

>     a. Low-sev incidents don’t affect PII, and have no availability or financial impact.

Reviewer 3: same thing for this section, I'd suggest we update to a numbered (or bulleted) list, here and below
